[DOCU-977]Adds updated InfluxDB and Vitals content (#2796)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/enterprise/2.3.x/vitals/vitals-influx-strategy.md

This document covers integrating Kong Vitals with a new or existing InfluxDB
time series server or cluster. Leveraging a time series database for Vitals data
can improve request and Vitals performance in very-high traffic {{site.ee_product_name}}
clusters (such as environments handling tens or hundreds of thousands of

> requests per second), without placing addition write load on the database

Reviewer: ```suggestion
requests per second), without placing additional write load on the database
```

> backing the Kong cluster.

Reviewer: might want to use variable here

> For using Vitals with a database as the backend (i.e. PostgreSQL, Cassandra), 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For information about using Vitals with a database as the backend (PostgreSQL, Cassandra), 
```

> please refer to [Kong Vitals](/enterprise/{{page.kong_version}}/admin-api/vitals/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
refer to [Kong Vitals](/enterprise/{{page.kong_version}}/admin-api/vitals/).
```

## Setting up Kong Vitals with InfluxDB

> ### Step 1. Install {{site.base_gateway}}

Reviewer: I thought Lena said not to use variables in headings?

Might be a best practice to avoid variables in headings? Not sure. For linking purposes without a custom id for instance.

Author: ah, ok, will fix

for installation instructions.

**When you get to
[Step 5. Start the gateway with Kong Manager](/enterprise/{{page.kong_version}}/deployment/installation/docker/#start-gateway),
use the following configuration instead:**

```bash
$ docker run -d --name kong-ee --network=kong-ee-net \
  -e "KONG_DATABASE=postgres" \
  -e "KONG_PG_HOST=kong-ee-database" \
  -e "KONG_PG_PASSWORD=kong" \
  -e "KONG_PROXY_ACCESS_LOG=/dev/stdout" \
  -e "KONG_ADMIN_ACCESS_LOG=/dev/stdout" \
  -e "KONG_PROXY_ERROR_LOG=/dev/stderr" \
  -e "KONG_ADMIN_ERROR_LOG=/dev/stderr" \
  -e "KONG_ADMIN_LISTEN=0.0.0.0:8001" \
  -e "KONG_ADMIN_GUI_URL=http://<DNSorIP>:8002" \
  -e "KONG_VITALS_STRATEGY=influxdb" \
  -e "KONG_VITALS_TSDB_ADDRESS=influxdb:8086" \
  -p 8000:8000 \
  -p 8443:8443 \
  -p 8001:8001 \
  -p 8444:8444 \
  -p 8002:8002 \
  -p 8445:8445 \
  -p 8003:8003 \
  -p 8004:8004 \
  kong-ee
```

<div class="alert alert-ee blue">
<strong>Note:</strong> For <code>KONG_ADMIN_GUI_URL</code>, replace <code>&lt;DNSorIP&gt;</code>
with with the DNS name or IP of the Docker host. <code>KONG_ADMIN_GUI_URL</code>
<i>should</i> have a protocol, for example, <code>http://</code>.
</div>

> If you already have a {{site.base_gateway}} instance, skip to Step 2.

Reviewer: Maybe move this up above before they even start

Author: ok, will do

### Step 2. Deploy a {{site.ee_product_name}} License

You will not be able to access the Kong Vitals functionality without a valid
{{site.ee_product_name}} license attached to your {{site.base_gateway}} instance.

See [Deploy an Enterprise License](/enterprise/{{page.kong_version}}/deployment/licenses/deploy-license)
for instructions to apply a license to your {{site.base_gateway}} instance.

> If you already have a {{site.ee_product_name}} license attached to your {{site.base_gateway}}

Reviewer: move up to the beginning should be first sentence in paragraph

Author: ok, will do

instance, skip to Step 3.

### Step 3. Start an InfluxDB database

Production-ready InfluxDB installations should be deployed as a separate
effort, but for proof-of-concept testing, running a local InfluxDB instance

> is possible via Docker:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
is possible with Docker:
```

or using. Try not to use Latin per most style guides.

Author: ok, will fix

```bash
$ docker run -p 8086:8086 \
  --network=<YOUR_NETWORK_NAME> \
  --name influxdb \
  -e INFLUXDB_DB=kong \
  influxdb:1.8.4-alpine
```

<div class="alert alert-warning">

> You <strong>must</strong> use the listed version of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You <strong>must</strong> use the recommended version of
```

> InfluxDB as the most recent version will <strong>not</strong> work.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
InfluxDB because the most recent version will <strong>not</strong> work.  
```

Is this always the case?

Author: The most recent version InfluxDB 2.0 does not work bc they added a UI and so the way Kong connects to it does not work the usual way. I need to play around and see if I can get 2.0 to work some other way, but for now Jack recommended they stick with v1.8.4 as it is a more stable version anyway.

Author: I will update wording to be more clear.
